Maximum product of sub array elements
[2,3,-6,4]
In the sub-array if we have even positive numbers, product will be positive
If we have odd negative numbers, product will be negative
In the sub-array if we have atleast a zero, start your product variable with 1.
if we have negative value, the product of prefix element will be positive and the suffix of the native element will be positive
Initialize maximum variable.

abcabc
a b c ab abc abca abcab abcabc
bc bca bcab bcabc ca cab cabc 
ab abc bc 

# KOKO EATING BANANAS
Step 1: Whatever maximum element in an array, we have to check that much elements(run the loop from 0 to max)
Step 2: Initialize left pointer at 0th index and right pointer at max 
Step 3: Get the middle value and divide the array elements
Step 4: Get the C values
Step 5: Add all those C values and compare with Taget hours. if it is less than or equal to , element right half
        Change the right pointer to mid - 1
Step 6: If the sum is greater than the target, eliminate left half. change left pointer to mid + 1.
Step 7: Return arr[left].

#OBJECT ORIENTED PROGRAMMING

Few pillars of oop:
Inheritance
Encapsulation
Polymorphism
Abstraction

To achieve those properties the pre requirement are class,object,constructorand interface. 
CLASS: It is a virtual entity and blueprint for objects.
OBJECT: Instance of class. We can call the methods which were present in the particular class by creating object for that particular class.
CONSTRUCTOR: Initializes the object.
Two Types; 1) Defalut constructor 2)Parametrized constructor
For every class, there will be a default constructor and parametrized constructor- contructor having some parametrs.

INHERITANCE
Using EXTEND keyword, we can inherit properties from classes.
Using IMPLEMENT keyword, we can inherit properties from interfaces.

Types:
1)Single Inheritance 
-- The properties are inherited from parent class to child class.

2)Multi-Level Inheritance
-- Properties are inherited to parent class from grandparent class and properties are inherited to child class from parent class.

3)Multiple Inheritance
-- Properties are inherited from multiple parent classes.

4)Heirarchy Inheritance
-- Properties are inherited to multiple child classes.


POLYMORPHISM
Same method appearing multiple times.
Main Method can be overridden.

Types: 
1) Method Overloading - In same class, if we have multiple methods with same name with different parameters.
2) Method Overriding - In child class, if we declare a method which were present in the parent class(same method name and same parameters)


ENCAPSULATION
Binding method and data and hiding sensitive data.
If the variables are private, we cant access outside the class.If we want to access, we can access using methods.

ABSTRACTION 
Hiding implementation showing essential detials.
Abstract metgod is an incomplete method.
Types:
1) Data Abstraction
2) Functional Abstraction
3) Procedral Abstraction
4) Control Abstraction

If we want to make a method abstract, we have to use ABSTRACT keyword and if we have ABSTRACT method,we have to make the class abstract class.

INTERFACE
It contains all abstract methods. 
We cant create object for interface.









